Updating checkout command to prompt version and related entities (#237)
HPInc/ml-git: docs/mlgit_commands.md

  --fail-limit INTEGER  Number of failures before aborting the command
                        [default: no limit].
  --full                Show all contents for each directory.

>   --wizard              Enable the wizard to prompt the user requesting
>                         information when needed.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion, maybe we can update this help message:

```suggestion
  --wizard              Enable the wizard to request information when needed.
```

If you accept this suggestion, remember to update it in the other commands.

Author: The suggestion was applied in 9a4f421. All commands have been updated
